# Disclaimers

THE INFORMATION INCLUDED HEREIN IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHOULD ANY MATERIAL ON THIS SITE BE USED OR CONSIDERED AS AN OFFER TO SELL OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY ANY SECURITY, FUTURE OR OTHER FINANCIAL PRODUCT OR INSTRUMENT, INCLUDING ANY INTEREST IN ANY INVESTMENT FUND SPONSORED OR MANAGED BY X FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGIES  LLC (THE “INVESTMENT MANAGER”) OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATES OR ANY INVESTMENT ADVISORY SERVICES OFFERED BY THE INVESTMENT MANAGER OR ITS AFFILIATES. ANY SUCH OFFER OR SOLICITATION CAN AND WILL BE MADE ONLY BY MEANS OF THE APPLICABLE CONFIDENTIAL OFFERING MEMORANDUM OF EACH SUCH INVESTMENT FUND OR OTHER APPLICABLE DOCUMENT, ONLY IN JURISDICTIONS IN WHICH SUCH AN OFFER WOULD BE LAWFUL AND ONLY TO INDIVIDUALS WHO MEET THE INVESTOR SUITABILITY AND SOPHISTICATION REQUIREMENTS OF AS DETERMINED FROM TIME TO TIME BY XFT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT LLC IN ITS SOLE AND ABSOLUTE DISCRETION.

This site is also not intended to provide any investment, financial, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax or similar advice, and nothing on this site should be construed as a recommendation, by the Investment Manager, its affiliates or any third party, to acquire or dispose of any investment or security, or to engage in any investment strategy or transaction. You should consult your own investment, legal, tax and/or similar professionals regarding your specific situation and any specific decisions.

## Investment Strategy

The description herein of the approach of the various classes of interests offered by XFT I LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the “Fund”) for which the Investment Manager acts as investment advisor and the targeted characteristics of the Fund's strategies and investments are based on current expectations and should not be considered definitive or a guarantee that the approaches, strategies, and investment portfolio will, in fact, possess these characteristics. In addition, the description herein of the risk management strategies is based on current expectations and should not be considered definitive or a guarantee that such strategies will reduce all risk. These descriptions are based on information available as of the date of preparation of this document, and the description may change over time. Past performance of these strategies is not necessarily indicative of future results. There is the possibility of loss and all investment involves risk including the loss of principal.

## Performance Results

Performance results of the exchanged-traded fund (“ETF”), and their underlying holdings are solely the results of the applicable ETF and its underlying holdings and does not represent the performance results of any of the classes of interests offered by the Fund. Performance results of the ETFs are presented for information purposes. No representation is being made that any investor in the Fund or any class of Fund interests will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those shown. The 30-day yield shown of the ETFs are net of all fees to investors; however, performance of individual investors in the Fund may vary based upon differing management fee and incentive allocation arrangements, and the timing of contributions and withdrawals. The performance results of the ETF provided are historical and are not a guide to future performance or such of the applicable class of Fund interests. Investors should be aware that a loss of investment is possible. This presentation cannot and does not guarantee or predict a similar outcome with respect to any future investment. The Investment Manager makes no implications, warranties, promises, suggestions or guarantees whatsoever, in whole or in part, that by participating in any investment of or with the Investment Manager you will experience similar investment results and earn any money whatsoever.


Last updated: August 2024


